feat: add support for csv files (#592)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/walkthrough/run-job.md

(start-finetuner)=
# Run Job

> Now you should have your training data and evaluation data (optional) prepared as a csv file or {class}`~docarray.array.document.DocumentArray`s,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should have your training data and evaluation data (optional) prepared as CSV files or {class}`~docarray.array.document.DocumentArray`s,
```

    device='cuda',
    num_workers=4,
    to_onnx=False,  # If set, please pass `is_onnx` when making inference.

>     csv_options={}, # additional options for reading data fom a csv file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    csv_options={},  # Additional options for reading data from a CSV file
```
